##Introduction / Background 
With the advancement of research in the domain of machine learning, one of the active problems is generating sentences with semantic meaning. A lot of progress has been made in the field of NLP which aims to communicate between computers and humans to perform tasks such as text classification, language modeling, etc. The goal of our project is to generate Machine Learning project ideas using transfer learning and NLP. 
The dataset that we plan to use consists of titles of all machine learning projects that students at Stanford’s CS229 class have submitted over the years 2004 to 2017(4) and CS230 class from 2018 to 2021(5). It includes ~4200 ideas comprising five to seven words each. We further categorize the dataset into ~7 classes that we use for supervised learning classification. Since our dataset is comparatively small, we will use Google's BERT and ULMFit, which are some of the massive language models trained on publicly available corpus of data for transfer learning. Another potential model that we plan to incorporate is the AWD-LSTM (developed by Salesforce's research team).

##Problem definition - 
For courses such as Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Natural Language Processing, one of the major challenges that students face is not to work on and complete a project, but to come up with a problem statement and a project title. In this project, we plan to solve this problem and aim to generate novel Machine Learning Project ideas using a machine learning model.
Our objective is twofold:
To generate a novel machine learning project idea, given a corpus of past ML project ideas.
To classify a given machine learning project idea based on their respective class categories 

##Methods-
For unsupervised learning - Transfer learning helps us to achieve better results by leveraging the knowledge of huge models for our specific task. The language models such as BERT, AWD-LSTM, and ULMFit are all trained on publicly available textual corpus (such as parliamentary records, Wikipedia, etc) and implicitly encode knowledge of English. Hence, they all are good candidates for doing transfer learning given the size and nature of our dataset
For supervised learning - Several libraries and platforms(NLTK, spaCY, CoreNLP, TextBlob, Pattern, Scikit-learn, etc.) are available for the classification of a given sentence(in our case the idea/topic) into different categories for example. We will be creating a custom dataset by classifying the topics into different categories(like NLP, Vision, Financial, Robotics, Medical, etc.) and use algorithms like XGBoost, and Naive Bayes Classifier for training our model.
